hello everyone I searched and searched the
network I have not found a game in format
ghost for xbox 360 the most annoying is
that when you downloaded an iso that weigh by
typically 6 to 7 gigas decompresses
and when it comes to converting something that
actually games come out with less than one
giga is the example of plants against
zombies that in iso weighed 7 gigas but to
the time to convert weighs about 500 megabytes
the truth to me is a loss of
time download that kind of games that
it does not really weigh so I've uploaded a
game in got so that you what
download in a short time is the
plants against zombies I hope that you
like and receive your thanks
because apparently there is no goal online
in the same way I hope not to be
doing something else I have several games
gotti I'm going to go up since
we are here I want to give a
thanks to the developers of
rgh and those who are dedicated to raising
games without them it would not be possible to
this
the following is very easy I have already given them
the game fit everything so just
is to copy the game to the xbox 360 in my
case I'm going to copy it via ftp there are several
videos how to make the ftp connection and
xbox appears with a computer so
I do not need any program one speaks in
the plans versus zombie folder these
open the folder content 3 open the
folder of the 1604 copy the four
folders in the directory and xbox360 hdd
1 content and paste it inside the folder
with 16 zeros 5 copy the rest of the
folders in the folder where they store the
games of your xbox in my case I keep them
in content inside the folder of the
16 06 reboot in the freestyle so that
the game appears in my case already
has the cover to you can you
appear to them without it they should only go down
puntocom the album art cover and put it
from the web csd
that's all remember I'll keep going up
games I hope the users
download the games because that is going to
cheer up more thanks